this back to school season let
hellofresh handle meals at home their
delicious easy to follow recipes save
you time so you can focus on what
matters get up to 14 free meals
including free shipping when you use
code face 14 at hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
hello and welcome to episode 66 of the
face podcast uh special edition
this is the andrew patton this is your
birthday happy 27th birthday buddy
edition not ready though i don't think
i'm not ready he said hang on it's 15
minutes after three o'clock uh and we're
still not going i was here on time
technical difficulty can you hear me
okay yes we hear you fine okay great
uh okay
hey what are you what's up
like what
once again what is the purpose of being
here on time if you're not like ready i
could i was ready i didn't know i wasn't
ready i zero time
i yeah are you recording
i am recording oh nice hey andrew yes
happy birthday thank you
happy birthday to you
happy birthday we don't need to do this
happy birthday dear andrew happy
birthday to you
27 song has been sung with those notes
well i have to get it it's it's
copyright i got to get around the copy
oh yeah you got to sing it slightly
different it's actually a pro move on my
part
phase 66 andrew you're 27.
congratulations happy birthday how's it
feel to be 27 what did you get for your
birthday what are you doing for your
birthday what's on the agenda well i'm
uh i'm using a new setup is i'd say the
the highlight of my birthday unrelated
to the technical no
no i did not
so yesterday
why he got a new fire extinguisher i did
yeah it's my favorite thing uh yesterday
my chair broke
i've been using a
broken desk chair since before this
podcast started
and my dream was that it would break
while we were recording that was the
goal
i just been waiting and uh yesterday i
dropped something and i i went i bent
down to pick it up while the chair and
the chairs broke finally it was the end
dump on the floor you don't have the
best luck with chairs no i don't i got
great chair luck in the worst way uh it
broke
i don't have uh i owned three chairs and
none of them would work for this what do
you mean i have my desk chair and then i
have these two big like lazy boy type
chairs on a different level that i
couldn't bring up so i don't have a
chair for this
was uh the great dilemma so i've had to
rewire my setup
and unrelated to my issues
but
it's pretty great this might be a first
in the company's history i'm not sure
eric might know but uh
let me make sure i'm recording let me
grab my binoculars once christ why would
i jeff started the company why would i
yeah but you're you're the podcast if
you use more of a podcast person jeff
although jeff's on several all right you
have the don't blame me for this company
i'm not blaming you for it i'm recording
we're good uh oh okay what what are you
stood up uh no
no are you outside no
no i'm neither one
he's not his bed isn't he i'm very okay
well the weight balance is a little bit
of an issue my keeps trying to fall over
we're fine we're good
i'll uh i'll post in the discord my
setup right now
if this was a tip or foam mattress you
could have a glass of wine next to you
and not worry about it
it's very difficult to use binoculars
and a mouse at the same time try to see
my screen so your mouse i i'm guessing
you're on the bed the mouse is on the
bed and you're using binoculars
look at the screen yeah cause we post
photos a lot stuff i also for recording
i needed it here this is my setup
right now
this is what i got going
[Laughter]
i didn't have a chair so it's like what
what what should i do and then i made
the great discovery that my cables are
long enough that i can reach they can
reach my bed like absolutely eight
pillows now maybe eight pillows yeah
well you need a lot you need the back
support for i'm i'm sitting up on the
back yeah you don't want to be lying on
your back no that'd be weird it'd be a
strange podcast setup
so yeah that's that's my my life right
binoculars though binoculars i wouldn't
have gone for uh well
how else am i i'm i'm a near-sighted
person gavin i i can't see the screen
well i mean i would have magnified
windows probably before i wouldn't have
found binoculars is that book next to
you a bible because you you prayed on it
that this would work no it is
i was wow i keep going to call you jake
i'm so sorry jeff it's okay very
insulting
uh that's a joke book from 1940 that i
bought is that where you is that where
you found the jake joke yeah that is
that's all my greatest material comes
from that 1940 joke box so if we're any
any dead air any paws in the action just
let me know i guess i'd be aware but you
could find a morally questionable joke
oh there's some bangers in that book
pick here let's do one pick a pick a
page one
between one and like 969
okay 69 i'm holding the book upside down
good start
69 okay it looks like we are in
what is the chapter
the american scene okay now pick a
number between 685 and 6.95
okay i'm just going to read this and if
it's problematic or racist in any way we
could edit it a doctor who was called to
a small country town to extract an
appendix missed the last train back
stayed overnight in a miserable hotel
and was waiting on at breakfast by a
sallow and could
sallow salo salad
salo sallow and cadaver
cadaver cadaverous salon cadaverous
country girl said [__]
boiled tongue stewed kidneys fried liver
said he
hang your symptoms bring me something to
eat
uh it needs to work on the delivery but
yeah well you know i haven't read it
before she offered him uh essentially a
bunch of oh fall and he took that as to
be her symptoms of the if you think it's
a delivery issue let me just do it again
for you is that how you pronounce awful
isn't it is that how you say awful or
fall i don't know i don't know
okay
yeah
i it's one of those words i read don't
say it not say okay here's another great
joke quick one i'll nail the delivery on
this one not you pick the very wordy one
someday we hope to see a waiter with
enough of what it takes to lay the check
face up on the table
great
joke nailed
so i got a thousand pages of that if we
ever need them well we're set we're
covered i'm no longer worried about dead
end no i got it
i will fumble my way through so many
jokes hey let's do one more in honor of
your birthday let's do page 27. page 27
okay jesus
27.
i really i put the we're still in the
american scene which is very fitting for
me jesus we're gonna go with the
shortest joke on this [__] thing
because there's a bunch that are like a
paragraph long
bell
if i were you percy i should tell him
just what i think of him percy how can i
that i don't i'm scared to say that i
don't know what that means
i know what that means
another banger i'm not gonna say it i
don't know what that means that's
dangerous
what's a cad
what's a cat like cad c-a-d
uh just like a rap scallion rambling
okay like like a cad like yeah oh yeah
that's not it's not bad it's not racist
or anything okay
great
it was a cad that's the word i was
afraid to say okay that's my setup and
that's why i'm late because i didn't
realize i couldn't see that anyone had
joined the call
and wait was that the joke yeah that was
the joke that was it great joke what was
the joke
what happened
i tried it again
this is standard for these jokes it's
often you're left with wondering where
the joke was uh sort of the magic of
this book
bell
if i were you percy i should tell him
just what i think of him percy how can i
the cat has no telephone that's the
that's the joke i don't know if you
missed part of it before
oh i thought it ended with just you
saying the cat no that was the thing i
was scared to proceed past and then i
couldn't remember i think what followed
that so maybe it was my fault
still
great joke
[Laughter]
happy birthday to
me uh so what what are you what are your
goals for this year of your life
well that's a load that what a [__]
what who asked that on a birthday that's
uh that's a good thing that's a good
point you know what my birthday present
to you i'm gonna unask that question
that's great
happy birthday thank you i text you
happy birthday you didn't reply no
because i was trying to assemble all
this stuff i apologize i saw it i was
like i want to get to this but i need i
mean it doesn't need a response i was
just making sure you saw well if it
didn't need a response why acknowledge
the fact i didn't reply you know what
it's about the president's statement
i'll take that comment back happy
birthday
you potentially cost people a lot of
money gavin by the way i saw somebody
comment that they followed your roulette
call and they lost i'm curious how many
people have copied that
black black can't lose forever
no but the amount like i wonder how many
people have done that and what the win
percentage is i bet it's astronomically
low
no you've got to be with me in person i
think that's how it works okay well
we'll test that one day i can't wait to
lose everything in front of you and then
see what you have to say about it i feel
like you would rather lose just so i
have to come up with a reason oh
absolutely
you know i'd feel bad and be
uncomfortable yeah totally
that would be the dream you guys will be
happy to know that i purchased this
morning a tiny roulette wheel like a
fisher-price roulette wheel set up for
the face breaks so so that we can test
out this real these roulette theories i
love it it's already in the mail on the
way
[Laughter]
i even told i told gavin about it last
night and then i remembered that i
hadn't bought it yet so i bought it this
morning when i woke up that's amazing i
woke up this morning and i was
struggling to remember if something
if a conversation i had was a dream or
not andrew did we have a conversation
recently that ended up with you saying
aaa batteries are a non-standard size uh
i just
yeah well i i was saying that that
they're a rare battery than a double-a i
think that was on the podcast wasn't it
ah it was either on the podcast or after
one of the two okay i just don't i just
feel like that's pretty standard like if
you're in a place that sells double a
you probably got triple a not far
absolutely i like it it's like totally a
battery or something i completely agree
with that my point was more in the house
i don't feel like i feel like it's more
likely people have double ice like
that's if you're gonna have batteries at
your house you're gonna have double this
in my experience there are more uh
pieces of equipment on earth that
require double a than aaa probably
absolutely that was my point not that
like you [__] had to go on a treasure
hunt to find a triple a battery oh just
that they weren't is popular of a usage
as opposed to the double
the king of batteries i'd say
i i also just before we get too far from
this i i need to make a sincere from
what from the beginning of the show i
have an order
honestly that that statement only makes
sense because of my notes i have this
note at the beginning
we can't expand too far past it i need
to make a sincere apology to you jeff i
i i'll also [__] both of you but also
apology okay so what's the order
i'm going to first say
no i don't need to i'm going to like you
my my kindness my birthday gift back my
advanced birthday gift is retracting
that statement just an apology to jeff
last week okay when we recorded
you had an issue with the comment
leavers you were like ah
people criticizing putting tot in the
recipe that's unfair you wanted a
clarification of that
yeah and i was listening to i was like
ah you know what like whatever i mean
it's sort of a strange thing to like
care about them doing that there are so
many [__] people that think they
understand how ramen works they got no
[__] idea
i'm so sick of this
i'm so sick of these
why didn't he read the instructions i'm
the biggest [__] instruction guy on
this podcast
love instructions i follow them to a t
i look at all the instructions always
people are just coming out left and
right
why didn't he read the instructions you
[__] idiots i did read the
instructions
i dug up the instructions i'm going to
post them in the chat i've got to use my
binoculars one second
okay
he's bird watching
i got it
there's the recipe noodle and condiments
in the bowl pour
one and a half cups of boiling water
cover the bowl for three minutes yeah i
mean that's how you would cook
the pork that's the package ramen that's
for packaged ramen where does it say put
the ramen in the [__] pot it says the
opposite well that's not ramen then it's
like that's like a special type no it's
not i went to the store i bought ramen
in a bag
what do you want from me post a picture
of the ramen okay the whole packet well
[__] i didn't expect this question i
gotta get the goddamn binoculars out
we're going to another tab i think
[Laughter]
we find this god damn [__] this
isn't ramen
i retract my previous my statement [__]
you
i am i'm short-sighted gavin i get the
fact that you can't see your monitor
from across the room there is
there are easier ways
i don't know how to get a packet of
ramen i'm not saying i bet here's the
thing someone sent ramen instructions
that showed that
and that's fair to like i get it but
don't act like i don't [__] read the
instructions i read the instructions
i don't think you follow instructions to
a tea i think you follow them to a tea
kettle
wow that was a guy see what you did
there do you also in a 1940 joke book
put that in the book page 1000. what i
was going to say before gavin dumped
that on us is uh
apology accepted andrew apology accepted
the comment leavers can be frustrated
when they misconstrue things i
understand and i want you to know you
got my support buddy as always i just i
um
love them
appreciate the comment leader levers a
lot
uh wait is there a difference between
short i got the binoculars still up
short sighted near they're the same
aren't they
just different phrasings they sound like
they're the opposite
shorts i think i think shortsighted has
nothing to do with your eye with your
vision dude
i think nearsighted does or farsighted i
think short-sighted means you can't see
you can't envision things happening far
out into the future no that's honestly
that's that was a dilemma before when i
was thinking about it i was like i'm
aware of that definition but i couldn't
think of anything else to describe i
would definitely say you're
short-sighted yeah yeah
actually correct
is this ramen gavin
is this [__] ramen is this
appropriate does this check out for you
is that [__] ramen is that romney
enough that looks like ramen looks
pretty romney i think it's wrong
i went to the grocery store i bought it
i followed the instructions oh so okay
that's all i wanted to say apology to
jeff and also people have no [__]
idea that there are other ways to make
ramen i'm following the instructions
don't be mad at me be mad at mama be mad
at the mama company if you're gonna be
mad at somebody while we're while we're
issuing uh statements
i would like to jump in just because i
don't think gavin or maybe gavin was
here for but andrew definitely wasn't we
discovered right before the show started
that i'm not
listen all right i'm stupid a lot but
i'm not totally stupid when it comes to
playing [__] into my f like when jack
called playing [__] under the microphone
we found out today that i had something
called noise suppression selected which
wouldn't let any of anything be heard
and then we fixed it and now i can play
stuff to you guys that's exciting so
it's not that i don't know where the
microphone on my phone is when i hold it
up to the microph when i hold it up to
the microphone to record i know where
the microphone on my phone is it's just
that noise suppression was canceling it
out speaker whatever yeah let's just
let's just do that again it's not that i
don't know where the speaker is on my
phone i know exactly where it is and
when i put it up to the thing i don't
know why it doesn't play for you guys
but now it will because we tested it and
it worked am i smarter than if i already
having it off yes okay but your
intelligence was never in question
[Laughter]
what's weird is i never viewed it as
like you
i don't know it wasn't a dumb thing this
is gonna sound strange i didn't really
because i'm pretty sure it was with nick
and eric today
i viewed it until we figured it out the
same i just viewed it as you didn't know
how which is maybe more insulting i
don't know what is more insulting but it
just seemed like a thing you were just
bad at it it was like somehow yeah i'm
not though i'm not though it was just a
setting and we fixed it thanks to nick
hey
good job nick we did it
well andrew is there anything this is
your birthday man it's not even like
your birthday episode it's today is
straight up your birthday so is there
anything else you want to talk about do
you want to like
this is your podcast today it's well
it's our podcast as you've said before
it's a triangle it's not my podcast
we're a comedic triangle yep
uh i have a thing to share with you guys
i mean i have two things to talk about
one you're aware of the other one
i discovered this
don zimmer has multiple fights now this
isn't a physical fight it's not physical
but don zimmer
has one of the greatest umpire fights
i've ever seen
is this a video it's a video i'm gonna
post it in the thing go to like a minute
40 for this thing uh i'll be right back
just just a second sorry okay
okay
um
binoculars here we go
face
you're dropping it in
okay one minute four 1989 1989
let's go to like a minute 40 now this is
i was still [__] myself i didn't
exist yet uh
i'm so sorry about that uh andrew that
was the delivery guy your birthday stuff
is there can you go out front and meet
him i don't know what that what do you
mean they sent you some birthday stuff
he's gonna have to climb out of his
recording party well i don't know the
guy said he
he rang the bell oh nobody answered this
you did [__] this is okay i'm gonna have
to run around my building because he's
probably not at my door i don't know uh
you won't tell us how to get to your
house
we've done a million of these and it's a
staple that my door god damn it why
don't you just use your binoculars see
if you can see them
he hates getting up he hates switching
rooms and switching floors you're really
making him work
i'm so sorry i set up some nice [__]
hearing him walk away
fresh and present present as as he
leaves the room it was really so
man now this would have been perfect if
ten minutes later you had ordered him
something gavin and then ten minutes
later you had ordered up something eric
so every 15 minutes he's got to get out
of bed oh get out of my bed can't you
just order another one right now
yeah maybe let's see
make me do all the work okay well i mean
you've got all the address and all that
and i got it from you
i had to ask you for his address today
i don't know do i need a canadian
account or something no dude i didn't
even have post mates until this i i
downloaded it after you gave me the
address oh man i can't until this
[__] let's see can i oh yeah he
should have he should have joined his
phone yeah so we could hear him
join on
phone
he's gonna come back and you have to use
his binoculars to see us yelling join on
phone a bunch of times i bet he didn't
take his phone with him did he oh [__]
what if he locked himself out should we
get him a bar burrito or a waterfront
confection water from a waterfront
confection
let's do that okay sugar-free dark
chocolate ice cream yes please we'll do
[__] it let's do a whole liter why not
that's a good yeah uh
i don't know how much that is but i
assume it's a lot banana chocolate chunk
uh i'll do a half liter of that and ooh
blue bubble gum let's get him a half
liter of blue bubble gum
and uh what else do we got everything in
his island is vegan by the way vegan and
gluten-free oh yeah they have birthday
cake flavor oh let's see that's a great
one they have new york cheesecake they
have green pistachio they have
pomegranate they have
nanaimo bar
root beer rum raisin [__] rum raisin
what year is this oh cookie dough
everybody loves cooking cookie dough
half liter of cookie dough
that is 70 of canadian ice cream okay
we'll do that okay i hope he likes his
ice cream he'll love it should we call
him let's phone it well i know i just
got the notification that he picked up
the stuff oh then he'll be back up in
just a second i'll be back any second
now and now they're preparing my other
order the latest okay okay so the latest
arrival will be by 3 10 p.m so let's
just make sure we keep this going that
long okay yeah well we have to yeah for
sure he's gonna be
very annoyed by the next one yeah
i think that's the plan gavin no i'm
saying it's definitely going to work but
based on his reaction to the first one
i'm not doubting it
i'm excited to hear him from a distance
come back into the room
[Applause]
i don't know about you but i shop online
pretty much every day uh i don't know if
that means i have a problem or society
has the problem but either way we're all
doing it we're all shopping online and
we've all seen that promo code field
taunt us at checkout saying not only
letting you know hey by the way
you don't have the in with this
organization to get a discount but we
want you to know that discount exists
and there are a lot of other people out
there that they do get that discount
just not you why not make it you finally
thanks to honey manually searching for
coupon codes or not being popular enough
to have one is a thing of the past
because honey is the free shopping tool
that scours the internet for promo codes
and applies the best one it finds to
your cart honey supports over 30 000
stores online they range from sites that
have tag and gaming products to popular
fashion brands we all know how much i
love my popular fashion brands and even
food delivery
that's the stuff you eat i've talked
about it a few times before but it's a
it's a classic so why don't we revisit
the time that my girlfriend and i
decided we wanted to buy stand-up paddle
boards and uh i went to buy one online
and she said wait let's use honey and i
said okay let's do that and we did and
we saved like 15 or 20. i can't remember
how much now but we saved a bunch of
money and i was like oh that's good
thinking if you don't already have honey
you could be straight up missing out on
free savings it's literally free and it
installs in a few seconds and by getting
it you'll be doing yourself a solid and
supporting this podcast i'd never
recommend something i don't use so get
honey for free at joinhoney.com
face that's joinhoney.com
face
i'm so excited for the next one the next
the 310. it's gonna be perfect
[Laughter]
thrills
half an hour from now
oh wait no isn't that two hours from now
hmm
isn't he tube oh [__] it is two hours oh
it is uh i'm gonna take that long i said
it was gonna be 30 to 45 minutes
oh
well let's see i can i can try it let's
just let's just see what happens
well it lists it as 225 and says latest
arrival by 310. okay 225 so that would
be
what time is it
now
one thing it should be 1.41
but according to this i placed the order
at 225. this country's too wide
well this it's not yeah we should do
something about it but we're not we're
not in our country at all right now
we're talking about history
i mean the width
this country's too wide this is a
different country
oh
christ does it have the same number of
time zones i don't know like does canada
have mountain time canada time zones
there's six time zones in canada
apparently oh they probably got one on
like
nova scotia or something yeah it says
central standard time in canada it's 2
42 p.m right now yeah but he's not
central we're central daylight time he's
like way west no i think he is though
because it's set well it does say
vancouver it's 142 but it also says
it also says mountain daylight time and
central standard time are both 242 and
then
central daylight time is 3 42. this is
stupid
[Laughter]
how are you gonna have two different
time zones under the same [__] time
why do you have to why are they two
different time zones then that's so dumb
well they could be different depending
on time of year like daylight savings
yeah i guess how far away is his outside
this is crazy
i'm back
oh here we go we were just bitching
about time zones how you doing buddy
happy birthday happy birthday
did you get your stuff i got the bag
yeah oh sweet i tried to get you a
birthday cake but i couldn't find
anybody that had a cake that could
deliver it this quickly so i just got
you an assortment of things you were
gone for like 10 minutes yeah i had to
go around the building and find the guy
that's on my bare feet let's make sure
not to step on anything
this is a whole
load yeah i had to get out of the
[__] wire nest that i assembled not
thinking i'd move
oh i gotta eat what is this hey brandon
thank you andrew what time zone are you
in i'm in pacific standard time i
believe bst that's not even listed
pacific daylight time you mean pacific
standard time is also i think for sure
okay what's it called in canada i
believe pacific standard time oh
am i missing something what what's
[__] going on i feel like i left you
guys laid out a bunch of goddamn booby
traps and i'm coming back it's my
birthday
what is happening
i think the difference is pacific
standard time is a certain time of the
year and then when the like you leap
forward or leap back it switches to
pacific daylight time i think it depends
on the time of the year whether it's
daylight or standard i think i think
that's stupid is there what is what i'm
going to find out what is the difference
andrew do you want to cover uh what you
wanted to talk about today um well first
we need to watch this video we need to
watch the don zimmer fight oh yeah we
gotta watch coffee what is this did you
say it was 140 in this one oh i got you
a i got you an earl grey tea a warm tea
just in case you got 30. what is why is
this wet
i don't feel like this is supposed to be
white
yeah okay sorry let me binoculars back
out
okay so i'm gonna was it 140 you said
140 a minute 40. all right don zimmer
fight
he's storming out there he's walking out
he's storming out he's got things to say
oh he's gonna talk to the umpire he is
he just got thrown out of the game i
believe moving a lot slower back then
than he did in his later years he's
trying to be intimidating he said 140
140 well we're way past that now
all right helmet helmet is off
umpire off they're going back and forth
they're talking oh arms are flying yep
that's the first aggression move he's
pointing to to outside
disagreeing back and forth
the points have begun
that is the
non-physical punch they're just throwing
back and forth zimmer hands in the air
for a second time he's letting him know
he's doing the walk back arms throw now
he's kicking dirt he's comboing the arms
throw with the dirt kick he's so fast
his arms are like bullets are you ready
for the finishing move gavin finish a
move about to come up
hands on the hip he's like listen i'm a
man of reason i'm listening to you
do another arm throw the umpire doesn't
have much to say he's just staring he
doesn't know what to say the zim is
going full on him you can see his vein
popping out oh arms out hands up
rolling the sleeves up now the umpire's
back trying now the um
you cannot counter when the guy takes a
hat off
oh god it's like two birds i try to fly
over a nut
that was so fast and weird
that man is my hero he's great
oh my god thank you for bringing that
into my life
oh my god and i'm andrew i didn't even
show you hold on a second jeff what
what were you doing in 1989 1989 last
one that what video is from uh i was
14 i was in
uh
ninth grade i was in high school
freshman in high school i was probably
watching that game
[Laughter]
i was a huge baseball fan in 1999 a huge
huge cubs fan huge don zimmer fan uh
there was like there were like three
shows there were like three channels on
tv that played baseball wtbs wgn and
i don't know some other channel and so i
watched every white sox and cubs game
that was on tv because it was all i had
the choi and the braves that's all that
was available to me so i probably saw
that game when it happened
or maybe not i don't know they have the
summer of zimmer or the zimmer boy
something like that it's like a vhs
chronicling a championship season they
had it's on youtube we should watch that
at some point i think that'd be fun well
just watch it together i think you
should it's like an hour long
look at this [__] awesome shirt that
i'm wearing
see
that is that that is that era of don
zimmer as well that's what it is
it's appropriate to the time of the
video
i really appreciate that your entire
wardrobe is slowly becoming conceptually
i was telling gavin i'm working on a
zimmer only wardrobe if i have uh i can
get away with it i'm doing my day
amazing
oh man speaking of the library um this
is a a really short brief story i could
tell that's related to nick and i we had
a we had a nick and i had a little
incident earlier this week oh uh in my
library where uh poor nick had nothing
to do with it uh but it was his fault
he asked me to record some lines
he asked me to record uh ad reads
yesterday or monday and i was like yeah
man i can do that and then i was doing
something else and then i thought you
know what i'm not gonna let time get
away from me i'm gonna run over i'm
gonna do nick's ad reads right now even
though i have something else going on
but i was like i just want to get them
out of the way so i run into my room and
i start to do them and i set it up and
uh as right as i'm starting to record i
i realize that i can hear millie
watching grey's anatomy or some [__] in
her room and so i went like oh i should
probably shut the door so i get up to
shut the little saloon doors that you
know shut my uh my library off from the
rest of the house and somehow
opening the the one door just opening
the door
it i'll never
for as long as i live understand how
this happened and i wish i could go back
and
study it like the brooder film because
it's phenomenal
i i just opened the door that wasn't
touching or connected it wasn't even
touching the wall it was just like half
open i just opened it and when i did
that this giant picture of jean-paul
sartre hanging on my wall fell down and
when it fell down you know how my wall
has i didn't tell you this part nick
this i found this out later my wall has
horizontal like wooden beams across it
it ripped one of the beams off my wall
and it then hit my doorknob and it shot
my doorknob across the room and ripped
the doorknob off my door and left a
giant hole
the picture frame got broken the picture
inside the frame got [__] up the wall
got broken and i lost a doorknob all
because nick asked me to do lines
i was telling him about it i was telling
him about it as i was recording i'm like
nick you're not going to believe what's
happening right now in this room
and uh and then after i i finished i
found out it was way worse
unbelievable blown away the doorknob
flew off i'm not you know what i'm going
to take i'm going to show you a picture
of it hold on i'm going to go find hold
on a second
have you ever lost a doorknob gavin
no
you know what i i've not owned a lot of
doorknobs i'm more of a handle guy
doorknob yeah as opposed to i don't
think i've ever bought a doorknob
[Laughter]
plenty of handles
you've bought a lot of handles well more
than doorknobs yeah i'm trying to think
of like what are you buying
why are you buying loose handles well i
like swapped i got a set that had like a
lock on it i was younger oh you wanted
privacy i wanted a lock on the door so i
bought one i installed it that's the
only time i think i've ever bought a
handle though
trying to think there's not a time where
i bought a doorknob i had a friend i had
a bet
that doorknob
[Laughter]
doesn't get any more doorknob than that
no
what if you got locked in because of
that
that would have been even funnier
there's another door in the room but
yeah you've got a spare door you've got
a hot swap door yeah i got a back door
that goes
yeah so i just i just have a [__]
hole in my door now where that was i
guess it was just covering up some some
shoddy craftsmanship by the flipped
house [__] it i'll take a picture of
that you guys keep talking i'm gonna
show you this other [__] awesome
thing hold on
i need more knobs in my life instead of
handles though because i think a
doorknob is harder for a cat to operate
cause they're pretty damn good at
handles
are they you just gotta i don't know my
cat is old to the point where it's not
it's not an issue i don't think i knew
you had a cat i don't know anything
about you
i've had
i've had my cat for 20 years
she's 20 years old
this isn't a new addition to my life
we were discussing
we were discussing at dinner last night
how little
gavin knows about you andrew
i was filling them in i was like how do
you not know these basic things about
andrew
i just feel like i don't ask a lot of
personal questions i ask a lot of
questions that make you sound like an
insane person like how you make food and
[__] but not
not about your family or your living
it's the doorknob again i really sent
the damn doorknob hold on
you got a cat when you were seven
yeah it's still around it's still around
sam is still around but she's very old
she doesn't
she doesn't jump that much
also not the greatest with vision yeah
i've had to say in my whole life great
and i've no i've known you online for
so like 13 years yeah around then
here's the problem with us gavin i'm
somebody who doesn't just like share
personal information or like that type
of thing and you never ask so there's
just i don't want to intrude i feel like
you'll tell me [__] well i feel the same
way i feel like why would anyone want to
know so i just don't
i don't talk about it so
you and i great friendship and if we
could talk for literally years every day
and i don't think we'd ever like enter a
personal we're like a friendship without
any foundation like it's built on
nothing oh there's the hole yeah
[Music]
wait
that's what was on the that's what was
behind my doorknob
dude no wonder it flew off
how did you not just pull it off when
you used the handle i don't know man
never came up never happened
looks like somebody shot your door it's
great
oh home ownership so wait how does how
does jeff know about your personal life
did he ask i don't know that's a great
question well i've known i've known
andrew for oh i don't know over a decade
and uh i've had a million conversations
i know the [__] about your personal life
too gavin i a i listen and b i i
remember
and see i asked questions yeah i know
stuff about your life it's equal yeah
because you've asked me questions i
don't know why you refuse to ask
answering questions
you've also lived together so i feel
like that's an additional layer like
it's just you don't what if what if we
lived together for six months audrey
what would uh that'd be i don't know
that'd be interesting you wouldn't want
to be roommates for six months no i
would be totally fine with that that'd
be great i think we'd get a lot more
doorknobs
i'd have
i'd have to adjust the way i live to fit
within the boundaries of your life and
your rules but i think it'll be fine i
don't what do you mean i'm not a big
rule not a big one like i'd go to the
kitchen and you know the waffle maker
would be in your bedroom no i would if
if we were if i felt that that there
would be a community waffle maker i
would not afford the supplies
i'm not like a [__] mad max villain
with water i it would be in the communal
area we'd all
we could share i'm not going to hoard
anything okay that's good today yeah i
think it would be pretty uneventful
honestly it would be like
and occasionally why did we do we'd be
three months in and we'd be like if we
did this for content reasons this was a
mistake because we're just we'd just be
co-existing nicely we're just watching
mr bean it's just like it's a strange
like nobody needs this andrew took it
upon himself to try and watch every
episode of mr bean because i made one
reference to mr bean uh two episodes ago
well we talked about it that's that's a
little uh you're narrowing how much we
talked about mr meanwhile i mean that's
the reason we started talking about
being is because
that is true the firework yeah but then
it led into an extended conversation in
which that that claim or the commitment
happened have you finished being are you
although i haven't i haven't watched it
since we last spoke
but i will what is your opinions thus
far i think it's a really good show i
think there are times where if you don't
find the bit funny they extend every
idea out to its fullest extent so if
you're not immediately on board it's
like oh i got like three minutes of just
this continuing gag but when it does
work it's incredible and i think it's a
important show in a comedic sense of
like if you're growing up watching it
man i guess i need to go back and
rewatch episodes i can't remember mr
bean ever not being funny like bits not
working and stuff it's not it's just
they're different
the example i gave to gavin is there's
one where he's like making a sandwich on
a bench and it's like oh he's just
pulling stuff out of his jacket and i've
seen him do this before and now it's
just like three minutes of like i get he
has everything in his jacket
yeah he kind of does that in the first
episode with the like the pens and the
pink but the pen yeah all that is great
like especially the first time i watched
it i went back and i rewatched the first
episode i liked it so much but
i haven't finished the show i'm like
halfway through it's okay
it's really i think if you grew up with
it it would be amazing did gavin tell
you that he met him at a grocery store
once he did not
yeah well he did that's true he asked me
where the uh
what was it ginger yeah that's where the
ginger was sad
just one of those little facts i know
about gavin's life because i've listened
to him
um
i have a thing i could talk to you guys
about i texted you about it
left you in suspense i i texted
i forgot about that till this moment
yeah
let me find the text i don't remember
this text oh it's it's poop related dude
i want to get into this oh
oh
so i i just texted jeffy gavin something
along the lines of i might [__] myself i
think you ended we we ended with you
saying if [__] was an olympic event
you would have just earned yourself a b
it was a bronze medal performance in
like a class and where you saying bolt
is in the race like there's no way i
could get a gold but it's like in a
different year that could have been a
silver that could have been a gold it
was a great performance i don't as
established before i think at some point
on the show i i don't [__] in away games
i'm a home [__] i need to feel
comfortable
i haven't used a public toilet in
probably like 15 years or so
can i just say i looked that up to see
if there is a unit of measurement for in
15-year increments and it's called an
indiction so you have not [__] away from
home in one indiction
that is yeah what i deem to be home now
that doesn't necessarily mean my actual
home like if i'm if i'm on vacation i
would make the hotel my home toilet it's
just the personal it's not like ever
anyone it's just
five
so andrew's cat is an addiction and a
lustrum old andrew has it [__] outside
of his house in three lustrums which
happens to be one indiction
[Laughter]
so i was at
go ahead what were you gonna say just
laughing okay
i was at like a small
gathering
and i don't know what it what typically
i'm pretty good i had is this family or
friends family it's a family
a family gathering okay i need to add to
the list by the way
you're of a home game
unverified
vertical
wiper i'm just putting in all the
requirements of your turds
okay i'm up to date and i don't as i
established i'm a home i'm a home
[__] so i was like i'll just wait
i'll just wait until i get to a home
toilet and i was gonna get picked up by
someone and so i was like okay i can
hold it for the purpose of [__] what
do you mean somebody was somebody
picking you up no no no no i was going
somewhere else after the fact so i was
just gonna like uh that is a place i'd
rather [__] at than where i'm currently
at i think i can hold it i view this as
in a way view the other one as a home
toilet
so i i get there
i i get in the car and they're like i
really want a burger at this place and i
was like oh god this is [__]
this is a problem
i'm going to hold my because i almost
i'm a [__] on the way to the pickup spot
but it was close you're not vocalizing
yours not at all you're trying to hold
it in and just because
yeah because i'm a polite individual i'm
like if i say we need to skip your
burger i gotta [__] i'll just be hearing
about oh man i'm so excited about that
burger and i didn't get it i didn't want
to deal with that so i'm just like we're
just gonna clench hard we're gonna
clench as hard as we can
can i ask can i ask a question and i
apologize if you covered this and i
missed it but where is this [__] coming
from like did you have indian food the
night before or is this just like a
run-of-the-mill normal [__] or is this
like no it's just i i think it was
something i ate was just it like flared
up like it was all systems go type thing
was it fiber one bars did you have a
bunch of it was no it's not five or one
bars it was a i was like you know what i
think i got this and then i started
walking and i was like oh i really don't
i was like clinched on the walk there
i almost [__]
on the path i had to stop and just stand
for a minute and just melissa mccarthy
and bridesmaids uh yeah
how did you let it get this bad so
suddenly i feel like no because it was
like really clenching it's like you've
been holding it in for five hours
already yeah no it was it i i probably
held for an hour before i made the walk
because i was i and then i left i
learned about the burger i'm like oh
jesus christ okay well at least
at least it's like a drive-through it
was a new place it was it was a triple
o's is where the burger was getting
picked up from i did not realize even
though triple h has a drive-through
there is a wait time so they stopped the
car and they're like i'm gonna go get
the burger i'll be back so now i'm in
the car and like this is a [__]
problem every time we hit a speed bump i
felt like i was gonna rock it out of the
chair it was so bad are you sweating at
this point i'm not sweating but i'm i'm
like trying to come to terms with the
fact of i might [__] myself and what
does this mean and how do i explain it
to this person it's just like how do i
solve this issue are they getting a
burger for you too or just them just
they asked if i wanted anything i said
absolutely not no thank you what's less
polite blocking the burger or [__]
in the car after the burger
that's a tough measurement i was at the
point of considering do i just like find
a tree
in this area i'm in a mall at this point
but like there are those little like
kind of tree things in the middle of it
i'm like do i just [__] at the tree and
just accept that
i don't know what i'm gonna do this
isn't a bad spot so then i texted you
guys i might [__] myself and then i got
so close to [__] i had to put all of my
focus and not letting it happen i just
threw the phone to the car like in the
bottom of the car i just sat there and i
was like oh [__]
i had to hop out of the car i couldn't
clench hard enough in the seat so now
i'm out of the car
clenching and i'm like jesus christ the
phone down because
it's potentially a lapse in
concentration if you're doing something
on your phone you might think absolutely
that is yeah that is the thing where
it's like i need to put
i need to reroute all focus into not
[__] right now
[Music]
so i'm now standing outside of the car
just holding on to it clenched as hard
as i could
and i it broke me at that point i was
like i'm gonna i cannot hold this
anymore are you clenching with just your
ass or are you also oh i mean adding the
hands is a bit of clinch no i'm going
just full ass clench right now i don't
think the hands would do much outside of
like visual
bizarreness i've never been into this
restaurant so i don't know if they have
a public bathroom but i take the walk in
my head i'm like i'm going in there i
don't know
it's because of covid some places aren't
doing like the public bathrooms if this
place doesn't have a public bathroom
that's just like i'm in the middle of
nowhere in no man's land and i might
[__] myself in this restaurant so i i
slowly shuffle in
[Laughter]
i walk past the person's way for the
burger i'm like i use the bathroom i
shuffle in and they have them and i'm so
[__] it's like if you were
dying of dehydration in the desert and
you found a pond like it was the relief
it was salvation i just does like i need
space i went into the family bathroom
because i didn't trust the other i'm
like i'm definitely going to be good you
need the family yep went in did my
business didn't like it was one of those
situations where just crouching it
releases so it's like i just gotta i
hope i'm lined up on this toilet correct
i hope we're not
we don't want splash damage we don't
want this has to be a swish we cannot
have any off the rim and in on this
scenario
there's no backboard for this oh i
nailed it perfectly nothing but ceramic
yeah i nailed it
i got it it went great it went according
to plan and i had like a realization in
my life that i've been making a mistake
this past 15 years i've made a huge
mistake in how i've handled this
i need to scout bathrooms from this
point going forward
if you are if you're where if you're in
the town i live in triple o's fantastic
bathroom would recommend i need to start
using like i would eat like i wouldn't
even use a urinal i just hold the pea
until i got home
i need to use the urinal as like my
scouting tool that's my way to get into
the bathroom not having to take a [__] i
can make a map triple o's is kind of
like in the middle of town too so it's
great no matter where i am i can kind of
get to the triple o so right now i got
triple o's on my board as the number one
bathroom that i'm aware of in town
that's public i i think this is a great
idea and here's what i think you should
do with it you've heard of angie's list
right
if you haven't it's a service that a lot
of people will pay for and you go on and
you can find
uh like a contractor plumber whatever
it's it's like like the old version of
thumbtack we need to start andrew's list
and it's a free list it's an app any
city you go into where you we list like
you rank the best public toilets for
that town andrews list that's such a
great idea boom cause it's like i i
trust myself but i don't know if other
people would trust me in the ba i mean i
haven't been in a public bathroom in 15
years my standards may be low i want
somebody who's in the trenches every day
updating the app where's the place to be
who the [__] is angie i don't know who
that is
people still care for that [__]
you're the expert if you say you are
that's how i understand it anymore but
i'm saying like i want more skype
i don't trust my scouting abilities what
i'm saying you need a like a like a
street team like a shite team
yeah
i do so what would you rate why would
you rate that one that's uh i don't
that's i'd say eight out of ten hey off
10 on andrews list yeah lots of space it
was almost as big as my bedroom there's
so much space in there i can't comment
on what the like the men's or the
women's bathroom was like but the family
bathroom fantastic
great toilet so thus ends an addiction
thus incidentally
you're [__] addiction yeah mm-hmm
yeah bronze metal performance as i said
so so why did you go explain why you
gave yourself bronze oh well because if
i would have made it back to the place
that i was going to then that would
surely be a bronze or a gold medal you
cannot do better than that that is a
flawless performance like that into the
world coming back home tough [__] yeah
yeah yeah if you make it to your home
toilet whatever that is wherever you're
going uh that's a gold in this scenario
i did not have the strength to continue
to hold hold it back i held the line as
long as i could and i broke
if i would have made it i'd say you know
this is this is a tough thing because
what if
is this a silver medal and not you know
what i think i might this might be a
silver because i was gonna say a silver
would be further distance but then i'd
probably end up [__] myself and i
don't feel like that should be above
bronze
so i think i got a silver bronze would
be if you made it and you [__] yourself
like if you went 70 of the way i don't
think you can [__] yourself and still
get a bronze you don't think that's on
the podium that's a brown
yeah that's not a podium okay no you
don't podium finish if you finish it
you don't get a pony finish if you
finish in your pants dude well then
what's the silver because then if we're
going to a silver i'm then asking for a
pullover at a bathroom yeah i don't know
i mean i i understand what you're saying
uh but i just i don't i
i don't think you can i think that
silver's gotta be
somewhere in between those two locations
but maybe in a ditch so it's like it's
not going in your pants but you're very
close if you're getting if you're
getting wheeled off the basketball court
in a wheelchair because you [__] your
pants on a playoff game
uh
yeah you can't win a gold medal
[__] out the window of the moving car
that way you're not stopping you're
still going you're not [__] yourself
behind you well you know the thing about
that mario kart attack i feel like i
feel like the judges would give you
extra points for difficulty that is true
i feel like whenever you're about to
[__]
if you if you see a toilet or if you
know a toilet it's in proximity it
causes you to really need to [__] oh
because because it's like there's the
end in sight so my question is if you'd
have got to the restaurant and then just
right then with all the hope of there
being a toilet found out that there
wasn't one would you have even made it
out of the restaurant before [__]
yourself
i have no idea i mean
that's such a tough call i don't know
did you know
uh they say
i don't want to get into like other
people's content or other people's
podcasts but there's another podcast uh
that uh i listened to where one of the
producers on the podcast he only shits
about every two to three weeks like once
every two or three weeks he just like he
has like an aversion to [__] but
when he needs to [__] desperately like
that he uh he will go and just sit on
the toilet and he's for like a minute
and then he said like the [__]
desire goes away so maybe you could try
that if you're in like a non-standard
unsafe toilet maybe you could just try
[__] and then backwards i agree but
that's what he says that's how we get
it's it's this dude on the tom segura on
a tom square podcast he says that uh
yeah if he ever has to [__] really bad
he feels like he's gonna do it he just
sits down on the toilet for like a
minute and then the need goes away and
dr drew pinsky was on and he like was
like yeah that's that's that that makes
sense at the office once my chair was
hidden and replaced with a toilet and i
tried to just use it as my desk chair
for a day and it just made me want to
[__] all day something about something
about like that your anus hanging
slightly lower than it would on a normal
chair it makes you want to drop
you know
you know it's funny man
we've done some really funny stuff over
the years i forgot we replaced your desk
your chair with a toilet once that's a
funny joke
uh the lid was open nick it was uh
i i didn't want to sit on top of the top
lid because it's very thin and it was
gonna crack yeah now that will happen
yeah what a fascinating well what
i don't understand why that would make
him not want to i have the opposite
problem i would never do it i i i need i
have a colon disease i need to [__] i
[__] three times a day and i need to and
i if i don't feel right if i don't [__]
multiple times a day so i would never
try it in a million years but uh i just
i'm just repeating what they said on the
show
you ever do the thing where like you go
to flip the lid up and you miss and then
it just creates tension like it makes
everything so much worse i've had that
several times what do you what does that
mean like i need to piss badly and the
lid is down and so i gotta flip the lid
up
to uh to piss and i'll like i don't
throw it up hard enough or i'll throw it
too hard it'll bounce off the toilet and
go back down and i'm already in like i'm
peeing mode you gotta do like a full
scar
you gotta do it's like a stutter step of
piss i'm a sitting guy yeah
well that's fair there's too much splash
with us with a standing up piss the if
you if you just sit down every time you
have to clean the toilet yes i'm the
same i'm a sitting pee guy now too well
not in public but yeah at my home too
embarrassing
no yeah i'm not gonna go to the movie
theater well toilets are dirty man i
don't want to
i assume
one of the reasons andrew doesn't want a
away game is because he doesn't want to
[__] on some weird gross toilet i don't
want to touch that stuff either so yeah
i will always pee in a urinal at a movie
theater or whatever but at home yeah
i'ma sit down here i view the public
like let's say a mall bathroom that's
just like being in a constant air strike
of [__] particles like every time you
hear a toilet going right back hold on a
second just just just a second i'll be
right back i swear to god if this is
another delivery person and i gotta
[__] go out my building
i'm just not gonna get it how fast is it
from like where you are to the the door
it's i mean i i have to go down several
sets of stairs
and then need to walk around i need to
it's far it's hey andrew
uh there's another there's another
package for you
you're gonna have to this one this one
melts so you're gonna want to get out
there pretty quickly it's gonna make a
mess
i'm i want i'm fine it's a birthday
present for you from me and emily and i
want you to
and millie for that matter uh because we
love you and we wanted to celebrate your
birthday is this getting back at the
porta potty thing is this getting back
in me for the i will not the show will
be over by the time i get back
yeah we all agreed to wait we talked
about it earlier
you mean i love
i put all your stupid pastries on the
mic thing
i got your phone
i'm not taking my phone take your phone
join the discord no i'm not join the
discord from your phone so we can still
talk to you andrew
i don't have the bits
he doesn't have the bits he doesn't buy
you
there's a birthday present
he's so mad about getting free ice cream
jeff what you didn't hear when you
walked away was the first thing he said
was if this is another delivery i'm just
not going to go get it i'm just not
saying that
i was like there's an angry canadian
dude on the front going like i'm
standing out here
[Laughter]
oh man
if we would have done it one more time
it would have been perfect but two's
better than nothing
oh
while we're waiting on andre to get back
let me tell you a little story gav uh
andrew doesn't need to hear this it's no
big deal he listens to the podcast
anyway uh so last night gavin to
celebrate andrew's birthday you and i
went out to dinner
yeah and i should verify that today it
is raining it is raining like a
[__] all day today i assume
because a we went out to dinner last
night and b we decided to hang out again
this weekend and try to go jet skiing
together so obviously it's going to be a
torrential rain for the next week or two
uh however it was like a double date you
and meg me and emily we went out to had
a lovely dinner i believe you had the
steak frites i did yeah meg had the uh
she had the coat the pork the bread was
very nice too yeah i had the coat de
porque diablo style spicy and emily had
uh after some internal debate and a
little bit of debate with me uh the
muscles because she's like when they're
bad you know you gotta be careful with
muscles and i don't know if it's the
right time to have them oh and she
actually asked she is the waitress she
was like how the muscles they are they
on today and she was like oh they're
outstanding today so she was like okay
so then we had a lovely dinner lovely
meal uh we all went home uh it wasn't it
didn't end our friendship or anything we
didn't get into a fight uh
just i just had the nicest stuff to say
about you and meg and uh went home went
to bed
i watched them watch some survivor we
sent each other pictures of our bed
bedtime survivor setups yes on the
ceiling yeah because yeah
you would about half the night was us
talking about survivor you guys are at
35 we're on 36. and uh well i woke up
this morning and uh i had to pee and
emily wasn't in bed but she has to get
up early to go to work and so i was like
i didn't think anything other i walked
into my bathroom and she was laying
completely naked on the bathroom floor
on the tile
just going
and i was like oh my god what i thought
she'd been stabbed or something and she
was like i don't feel good and i was
like oh my god is it the muscles and
she's like i have food poisoning
and
apparently she was violently vomiting
for a while i slept through the entire
thing and i didn't hear a word and then
she was like i thought you heard and you
were just ignoring me because you're an
[__] and you don't care about me and
i was throwing up so much and you just i
just never you just didn't come in to
check on me and i'm like why does he
hate me i had no [__] clue uh yeah so
uh good good on not getting the muscles
last night yeah i would never get the
muscles for that very reason yeah i
think i think it was muscles and oysters
i had that time i i was [__] the
plane in my bed in the shower and stuff
that's true
not only so apparently when we hang out
versus if we do couples hang out right
it's it's gonna be uh it could be
physically dangerous as well hello hey
what's up buddy hey thanks for the ice
cream of course man you gotta wash down
all those baked goods with some [__]
yummy birthday ice cream they actually
knew where my door was i got a variety
of flavors for you and everything you
did oh we're talking doctor mike what's
happening
with jefferson speaking of survivor that
guy to me it just looks like if tony
shalhoub's head only grew back like 80
of the way
i love every time i see him i want him
to win
well keep watching
[Laughter]
i was just telling gavin a story andrew
we uh gavin and i went out to dinner
last night to celebrate your birthday
uh-huh and uh emily got food poisoning
and i woke up to her like
she had like naked on the floor in the
bathroom it was pretty oh jesus yeah so
that's rough it's so is she fine now
yeah she went to work dude she was
totally okay she just had to get out the
system i couldn't believe it i was like
there's no way you can go to work and
she's like i'm a hairdresser i can't
reschedule stuff i don't have a choice
that's fair
you know
she probably said uh
a stylist but yeah um so yeah she was
like no i don't like emily doesn't [__]
around she's like i i she's a you know
she's a hard worker that one
poor emily man and she came loving those
muscles i sent her some pedialyte to
work to help her
but yeah andrew what flavors did you get
i don't know i didn't i just i i grabbed
them put them in the freezer i it looked
like a bubble gum i'm gonna get a blue
bubble gum there's something i'm
guessing there's a cookie dough there's
definitely cookie dough yeah there's a
few i was wondering whether you would
have to displace some of the freezer
contents to make room or whether you
would oh i absolutely had a rumor yes no
i had to i had to shuffle things around
that's good
you got them they're all in
what do you think the next one will be
they're better is there a next there's
not a next one there can't be a next one
i got
i got pastries i got ice cream
your laugh makes me think
[__] what's the next one when is
the next one scheduled
that like but what should epilogue
keep a decent cadence going for you so
that you know you don't have the
opportunity to get bored today
what
you said you had a sound clip before we
leave today oh i do [__] thanks for
reminding me andrew i've gotta if you
will indulge me i've got a sound clip
i'd like to play for you guys uh to set
it up a little bit um
i've been listening to i've been you
know diving into some other uh other
content from our company lately just
checking in on things and so i've been
listening to some of our our peer
podcasts and one of them is very popular
it's a cooking show uh with some uh yeah
like some ugly or less talented people
than us but they're pretty good a
cooking show it's called face jam uh
yeah they eat food and they talk about
it right and uh nick nick and eric are
actually both on that show nick is uh
he's a he plays a character called the
sauce monkey and eric plays a character
uh the character of a producer who likes
them more than he likes us
and as evidence to that
i have this clip i'd like this is just
like just a random episode i was
listening to and this isn't i played it
for emily and she's like so that was
like cut up from all the whole episode
of like a compilation i was like no no
this is just one
one specific moment
it's interesting and i just want to see
what you guys think about it this is i
know i'll tell you
hold on i'll tell you before it goes in
uh air mike michael jones makes a joke
about how nick talks to himself in his
car okay
and eric liked that joke
a little lob to whisper what do you
think it's like when he drives home from
work by himself he just goes red lights
okay
it's so [__] funny
why doesn't he think we're funny i've
never heard nick i've i've never heard
eric laugh like that
interesting well i'm muted on this yeah
do you understand how the recording of
this works i don't know the reporting
you see listen listen all i know is when
you talk on face jam you're happy and
you like them and you laugh like that uh
for an hour and a half straight and on
this podcast you just yell at us and
tell us to stop making it you don't
listen to my audio file where i'm
constantly laughing through what's going
on but i'm muted because this is just
you guys so you so what we hear uh-huh
is just you hating us watch this can you
hear what i'm saying
no you can't
hey did you know i was talking that
whole time jeff no you didn't i was
muted because you don't tell me you show
the world why would i tell you how do
you understand the different this is
insane
this is insane see this is what i'm
talking about if i was michael right now
you'd be laughing
[Laughter]
a second remember fast food joke
okay you can laugh now fast food joke i
said fast food joke huh you can laugh
fast
fast food
oh you're getting something out of him
that did that didn't feel like a real
laugh to me
that didn't feel like that yeah
what i walked away from is uh eric likes
those people more than he likes us
maintenance probably oh without a doubt
definitely
absolutely 100
yeah and like the orders of toilets yeah
and impossible schedules there are times
where i will float ideas to eric and i
do so with the expectation of him saying
no that's [__] dumb and then like
maybe trying to find a middle and then
he just absorbs them like oh no i don't
expect this to actually happen as this
suggesting a thing i get nervous he's
probably like
thank god i have face jam later today to
to balance this out okay well yeah i
just love going and hanging out with
michael and then he says fast food joke
and i was like he says some sort of a
fast food joke and then you go yeah
yeah
for now evidence you presented wasn't
even a fast food joke
to do with food it was about him leaving
a fast food restaurant in his car yeah
but that's not that's like the context
of the the joke is the red light
yeah that's like calling addresses story
a mole joke yeah
it's just the the setting of it it's
like you asking what flavor the ramen
was when it had no bearing on the story
are you done
thanks for listening to another episode
of face see you guys next week
we're ending that was a yeah that wasn't
should i honestly expect i'm trying to
decide do i do i get back in the wire
den are you out of the wyatt den right
now i'm like kind of sitting up because
i'm expecting to have to shoot out my
door again
are we good is there a cease fire jeff
or should i expect another is another
thing
great
oh
you want to give a full outro birthday
outro
do i have to no why don't you
yeah you do it that uh
66. thanks for watching oh damn it
thanks for listening to episode 66 of
face
uh there's there's pictures in the video
files now for the stuff we talked about
it's pretty sick well you had it at one
point it went away it came back but i'm
happy about it i love that bit
break five i'll just rate i shouldn't
tell you how many to rate but five is
the best number in there uh see you next
week it's gonna be a while till we
record but we've we've got plenty in the
bag
happy birthday audrey pretend
how was it
that was great that was great oh it was
really fantastic what an outro
that was an old time
[Music]
you